1. Marisol did the set, and Martha, of course, did the choreography -- but we hadn't finished rehearsing and were about to run overtime.  
2. The five-minute overtime period proved indecisive, as neither team could register so much as a shot on goal.  
3. They lost a close game in overtime from the result of a sack.  
4. Our nurses and doctors are working overtime.  
5. The Tennessee game was blown but the Gators battled into overtime.  
6. With that track record, perhaps this game is destined to go to overtime, with each team earning at least a point.  
7. Some bettors may be worried about a team covering a big spread following an overtime game on a short week against a divisional opponent.  
8. All seven other boats joined the Aussies on Sydney Harbour just 48 hours before racing commences, with the technical teams working overtime to get the British and Spanish boats on the water.  
9. Two years ago, the state reduced the number of hours before overtime was required to be paid from 80 hours per week to 60.  
10. The NFL needs to do one of two things -- it needs to adapt the same overtime rules that college football has or it needs to streamline the playoff rules into the regular season.  
11. Then when those mental mistakes carried on into overtime it eventually cost the Mavs a game that they should have won.  
12. Workers from all over Canada and elsewhere have traded the comforts of the civilized world for steady wages, room and board, and plenty of overtime.  
13. "It's anybody's game," Weis said of overtime.  
14. Workload issues and workplace culture are among the top reasons for people doing overtime, Littleton explains.  
15. One defining feature of most of the achievements recorded in the various ministries is that they emerged from the vision or ideas President Tinubu espoused and developed overtime, and embodied in his Renewed Hope Agenda as eight priority areas.  
16. British Prime Minister David Cameron raises his arms as he and President Obama, German Chancellor Angela Merkel, European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso and others watch the overtime shootout of the Chelsea vs. Bayern Munich Champions League final in the Laurel Cabin conference room during the G-8 Summit at Camp David, Md.  
17. If you don't like college football's overtime rules, you're not alone.  
18. Overtime opportunities, which are paid at time and a half, are frequently available.  
19. As you sync your arm movements with your jumps, your brain is working overtime to maintain this complex rhythm.  
20. We weren't thinking overtime," Drinkwitz said. "We were thinking about 'How do we win the game in that situation?'"  
21. "I was ready for overtime, or whatever we had to do."  
22. The economic condition of the country and the need for money are such that if you ask a worker to work 20 hours a day out of 24 and he'll be paid double overtime, he'd be compelled to work.  
23. But Liverpool's quality has shone and when they lift the tempo, the Villa players are having to work overtime to close the gaps.  
24. It was Trump's promise to eliminate taxes on overtime.  
25. The rumour mill churns overtime this week, but take those juicy stories with a healthy dose of scepticism.  
26. Brett Hull scored in triple overtime with a skate in the crease -- which at the time was illegal.  
27. Timelines are buzzing as incumbents and new contenders work overtime to amplify their reach, using hashtags to stand out.  
28. Later in the same game, near the conclusion of overtime, the Rams got a first down with the clock running.  
29. The union had planned only limited job action on Monday with a ban on overtime and a refusal to implement tech change.  
30. Between 2009 and 2011, 0% of games that went to overtime ended in ties.  
31. The decision has already been made that we cannot run the ambulance with overtime anymore, he said.  
32. We probably could have put one or two in before but we'll take the overtime winner and build from there.  
33. We couldn't have gone to overtime, we have played ten straight games and we were bruised and tired.  
34. So now we discover that many highly-paid NHS consultants are gaming the system and earning up to £200,000 in overtime on top of their already generous salaries.  
35. Our friends and adversaries know this, which is why foreign spies are working overtime in Washington bars and restaurants between now and the holidays, hoping to catch the latest gossip regarding Trump's personnel choices.  
36. What transpired was a clash between two top-tier teams in a game that could not be decided in the standard 60 minutes of play and was forced to go into overtime.  
37. But according to Project 2025, overtime penalty rates should be abolished along with unions and most hard-won workers' rights.  
38. At past conferences, negotiators have been forced into overtime, delaying the end of proceedings in order to come to a consensus.  
39. I figured that I was going to shoot anyway, so I was going to try to shoot a three because I didn't want to go to overtime.  
40. There would be no field goal try, nor would there be overtime in what became a loss to Connecticut.  
41. One hundred fifty years of research proves that shorter work hours actually raise productivity and profits -- and overtime destroys them.  
42. I get paid the same amount each pay period regardless of overtime.  
43. The Eagles lose their lead and have to claw back into the game to take it to overtime.  
44. When the company needs someone to change shifts, work weekends, put in some overtime, or work a different schedule, think about volunteering if your personal schedule permits.  
45. Facebook employees put in some serious overtime during the summer lockdown.  
46. Quarterback Patrick Mahomes briefly exited the game with an ankle injury before returning to lead his team to victory in overtime.  
47. You don't get an extra foul for overtime.  
48. We went from fully staffed shifts earning overtime on a regular basis to staggered shifts where we would only work three days a week for 12 hours and barely made enough time to maintain our benefits.  
49. Since then we have seen overtime wins and losses, field-storming upsets over Ohio State and a home team overall record of 11-8 with a four-game win streak.  
50. But the British Medical Association (BMA), the doctors' union, pointed out the NHS would not have to rely so much on overtime were it not for staffing shortages.  