1. To make his favourite dish of poached seabass fillet with langoustines, he scales the fish and removes the innards, being careful not to break the connective tissue between the flakes of flesh.

2. The study protocol for tissue donation was approved by the ethics committee of the University Hospital Giessen in accordance with national law and international guidelines. 

3. Use pads of acid-free tissue paper to bulk out shoes.

4. Whether it 's to reward ourselves for an achievement, or to lift our spirits, many women find little can compete with the rustle of tissue paper and the thrill of slipping into a pristine new outfit. 

5. The council, like most scientists, argues that only after 14 days do the cells that will become the embryo become distinct from those of the surrounding tissue.

6. Pancreas transplants have been tried, but the surgery is complex, the tissue delicate and the danger of rejection always there.

7. Printing, writing, and tissue papers, corrugated cardboard and wrapping paper are of excellent quality. 

8. You must never diet so quickly that you lose the muscle tissue that gives your body its shape, firmness, and definition.

9. The nature of the cellular changes responsible for tissue differentiation are not well understood, but at the cellular level they do qualify as hereditary changes.

10. Whatever it was, Mrs Thatcher had caught a cold. "Do you have a tissue, dear?" 

11. Although much of the fine detail can be seen most of the tissue of the leaf is destroyed. 

12. The new developments include very early sampling of foetal tissue to detect defective genes. 

13. " I hear there was more trouble in Angleside at the weekend, " says Marjorie, wiping the milky foam of the cappuccino from her lips with a dainty tissue.

14. Victoria sniffed and pulled a tissue from the pocket of her dress to wipe her nose. 

15. To multiply human cells in tissue culture on the scale necessary presented considerable difficulties, but enough material has been made for a variety of clinical trials against many different viral diseases and certain cancers.

16. I can't look at her, so I go and fetch a tissue and wipe my nose. 

17. Syphilis of the brain tissue leads to progressive neurological deterioration known as general paralysis of the insane ( GPI ).

18. So, he grafted tissue from the posterior margin that would die to other parts of the chick limb to see if he could rescue the cells from death.

19. As it breathes out, the water vapour condenses on the cool, horny tissue
20. Damage to living tissue can be quantified by using the dose equivalent.
21. Buy products made with recycled paper or plastic, such as bin liners, toilet tissue or kitchen paper.
22. Another example is the similarity of a piece of elastic to normal lung tissue and a piece of string to lung tissue in chronic chest conditions. 
23. Is it yet another symptom of the general decay of Western civilisation so well exemplified by widespread social disorder, the decline of moral standards and the onslaught of printed toilet tissue? 
24. So small volumes of lung tissue are exposed to high doses of alpha radiation. 
25. Rab went ginger — he had, in the hospital, stolen some toilet tissue — to the closet, still, to him, a hairy place, as dreaded as the graveyard.
26. To start, place a piece of tissue, plasticine or blue tack on a finger of both hands.
27. The varnish held tiny, solid pieces of silver metal which stayed on the pieces of tissue Philippa was using and scratched the next nail she treated.
28. Managing skin and soft tissue injuries in the emergency department requires sound knowledge and a systematic plan, as Don Wijetunge explains.
29. Apply lipcolour with a brush, blot with a tissue and lightly dust with loose powder.
30. Fill in, blot on a tissue, then reapply another coat of lipstick.
31. Finally, keep some pieces of tissue or rag nearby so that you can wipe your hands should they become covered in glue, egg white, or both! 
32. By comparing the measurements taken on fresh dissected tissue with those taken on an intact body, it is possible to demonstrate the important influence that the body's neuro-electric actions have on the recovery mechanism. 
33. She grabs a slip of tissue to stuff within a frock, but her fingers only fold the flimsy paper.
34. Clubs who recruit with a player’s past soft tissue injury record in mind plus recent major injuries, will tend to fare the best.
35. Today we 're going to read my winter favorite, Bear Feels Sick - accompanied by the " please use a tissue and wash your hands " talk,
36. We have Dr Lee who found the vaccine DNA bound to aluminium in 16 brain tissue samples.
37. Excuse me while I nurse my tissue box and binge on cartoons all day. 
38. Try doubling the amount of the regular surgical mask and/or put a layer of tissue inside since the smoke is thick and putting one mask might be useless.
39. I accidentally stepped on a kids finger while on the rug trying to get a tissue after I sneezed and I got sent to the principal,
40. Injury or tissue damage stimulates nerve impulses in specialised sensory fibres.
41. Cover your cough or sneeze with a tissue, then throw the tissue in the trash.
42. Shoutout to the customer who told me the news & gave me a tissue for my tears.  
43. Apple cider vinegar is thought to help reduce swollen tissue and fight fungal, bacterial and viral infections.
44. Enormous additional savings come from prohibiting hospitals for overcharging obscene prices for everything from bandages to bath tissue. 
45. This means covering your mouth and nose with your bent elbow or tissue when you cough or sneeze. 
46. The spread of diseases & infections would be cut at a stroke if only people would use a tissue. 
47. Mr Elric’s lungs have been eaten away. There is barely enough tissue left to sustain him.
48. One nostril is stuffed with tissue to dam the constant flow.
49. After going through an entire box of tissue, Vanessa was able to compose herself enough to start explaining things from the beginning.
50. As it was, the work accident had caused a soft tissue neck injury.
